Throughout this lesson,
I think you've learned quite a few things.
>> Yeah.
>> Most importantly, you should
have learned how to put the Android
operating system onto your DragonBoard
410C using the fast-boot operations,
or fast-boot commands and
flashing it on that way.
We took you through the download
process on the 96boards.org website.
We downloaded the boot loader,
we downloaded all of the different
other little files that you needed.
>> We needed the binaries
>> And yeah.
>> And then the next thing we
did is create a path variable,
like I said before it makes
our life a lot easier.
And because we can refer to
the destination without having to traverse
through each folder.
And then a very important thing we did,
a very useful thing is gonna be very
useful for anything else you want to do.
Is we modified a script file, and so
what the script file allowed us to do was,
you download a bunch of files and instead
of having to fast boot each one separately
you were just able to append each
command onto the script file, and
just run the script file, and
the script file will do everything for us.
So, in the third video after that, what we
did was we actually flashed everything.
So we modified the script file some more.
And then we went to a command prompt,
and we executed the script file.
And boom, everything started
flashing on toward dragon board.
And we have the Android operating
system on our dragon board, now.
>> Yeah, it was very important to kind
of notice the difference between the,
using the SD card, which is several
other videos that we did in this module.
>> Mm hm. Right.
>> And using the fastboot.
So, some people might find
fast Fast boot faster,
some people might find the SD card faster.
I think personally I like
the fast boot a little more.
>> And I personally like the SD card more.
Yeah.
>> Oh man.
Alright, cool, so yeah.
Anyways, we'll see you in later videos
where we teach you more operations, and
how to use these operating
systems in a variety of ways.
>> Yes.